Add details of where to store fixtures for unit tests (#5570)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/unit-tests.md

```
</file>

> The previous example defines the mock data using the inline `dict` format, but you can also use `csv` or `sql` either inline or in a separate fixture file. Store your fixture files in a `fixtures` subdirectory in any of your [test paths](reference/project-configs/test-paths), e.g. `tests/fixtures/my_unit_test_fixture.sql`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previous example defines the mock data using the inline `dict` format, but you can also use `csv` or `sql` either inline or in a separate fixture file. Store your fixture files in a `fixtures` subdirectory in any of your [test paths](/reference/project-configs/test-paths). For example, `tests/fixtures/my_unit_test_fixture.sql`. 
```
